Explaining installation (#7)
atom-minimap/minimap-cursorline: README.md

# minimap-cursorline package [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/atom-minimap/minimap-cursorline.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/atom-minimap/minimap-cursorline)

> Highlights the current line in Atom's [minimap](https://github.com/atom-minimap/minimap).

Reviewer: We could keep this change but it should like to the package instead of the repo.

I think "the current line" is incorrect because it highlight every line with a cursor on it when there are multiple cursors.

```suggestion
Highlights a line with a cursor in Atom's [minimap](https://atom.io/packages/minimap).
```
